# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)
Answer: It is important to have semantic elements because it makes it easier for people and machines to understand. By increasing accessibility, people with disabilities, people without disabilities, and machines benefit because they can make necessary customizations in order to enhance their experience. Applications become more accessible which in turn allows people to make customizations (more functionality is provided) and it also provides equal access for people with disabilties. Further, different types of data can be distingueshed, therefore making it easier to see what information is displayed on the webpage. Also, by using semantic elements, the computer can understand the overall content which has been written. Lastly, there are 3 reasons why machines should be able to read the webpage which are SEO, Accessibility, and Maintenance. With SEO, valuable data reaches the target audience by the use of semantic markup, semantic elements make it easier for machines to read, hence increasing accessibility, and semantic elements allow for standardized codes which reduce the time of maintenance. Also with semantic elements the apperance of the content can be updated and changed easily.

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.
Answer: The presentation layer can affect the reader in terms of usability, navigation, and interpretation. The presentation layer determines how content will be displayed to a humam being (web-user) who gains access to a certain document. The presentation layer provides proper formatting and delivery to and from the application layer, performs data encryption, and manages serialization of data objects. By perfoming these tasks the data which is displayed is more user friendly and in a presentable manner for the reader. They can navigate their way around the webpage and access information easily. Without the presentation layer, the readers may not be able to understand or read the content as tasks such as encryption and decryption may have not taken place which in turn has an affect on the transmission of data. Here is a link to 2 images which show why the presentation of information is important for the reader. By having proper presentation, content can be viewed easily by the reader.
Link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HjIEpxwWhw-D7rRpCHUmSrj3zWNSblpb?usp=sharing
